Assignment
Clone the repository at https://github.com/Grinnell-CSC195/hw1.

git clone  https://github.com/Grinnell-CSC195/hw1


Add a file to the participants directory that describes you.
git add index.html




Use git add to add that file to the repository.

git add .
Adds the file to your local repository and stages it for commit.

Use git commit to commit your change. Use a meaningful message like "Added information about YOUR NAME HERE."
git commit -m "Added information about YOUR NAME HERE "


Use git push to send your change to the primary repository.
git push


Look online to see if your change has been pushed.

no answer exactly



Wait until your partner has pushed their update. Then use git pull to get their change into your repository. Verify that you have the new file.
use git pull command  
after taking the current code u started ur changes now after that use git status
so it will verify that i have the new file now i can push my file in repository by using git push


Use git log or git log | less to see a list of changes to the repository.
git log -1



Edit the file participants.md to add your name. Then add the file, commit it, and push it.

 git mv [participants.md] [Nikhil]
 git add Nikhil
git commit -m "chnages the file name participants.md to nikhil "
git status:--- now it will say file up to date
git push


Whoever tries to push the file first will likely succeed. Whoever tries to push the file second will likely get an error message. Figure out how to resolve the error message.
 questionsssss>>>>>>

In the code directory, there is a program that lists the members of this class. Update participants.c so that it prints your name, too. (Follow the pattern of the file.) Make sure that your program works by typing make and then ./participants. Then, add the file, commit it, and push it.
questionsssss
Deal with any conflicts that have arisen and commit the result.

create a new branch
 git checkout -b about master :-- 
 switch to the branch about 
 git add about.html
git commit -m "adding some new line" 
create another branch  called about 2
git branch about2 about
add  another thing in about.html
git commit -m "add some more info" -a
now git checkout about2

git commit -m"add something" -a
gi checkout about
git merger about2
